 
Have been wanting to write this review for some time about my Endocrinologist, Dr. Lisa Moore.
 I have been in her care ever since I was
 diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes, about 7years. In my opinion, she is an excellent doctor.

Dr. Marta I. Rendon, MD Dermatology in Boca Raton, FL is what every person that lives in this state needs for great skin care. We're the lucky ones to have her here in Boca Raton.
 I've been with her for ten years and she's taken more than just a doctor patient interest in me

Health grades makes no effort to keep their information current. They list doctors who are no longer affiliated with the practice.

 They have inaccurate information about the doctors who are listed. 

dr m. shane dawson is a fantastic doctor and surgeon he comes highly recommended i was admitted to the hospital on friday afternoon and promptly operated on saturday morning very good experience at lenox hill hospital in new york city

Dr. Allen N. Sapadin is by far the best dermatologist in Bergen County. I moved to Ocean County 7 years ago and have not found a dermatologist better than Dr. Sapadin. 

I recently required thoracic spinal surgery. Dr. Cohen was recommended to me by my neurologist. From the moment I met him I knew he was the doctor I wanted to operate on me

My husband recently had his appendix removed by Dr. Richard Garza at CHOMP. We met the doctor after the diagnosis had been made in the ER. Dr. Garza came into the ER, introduced himself and proceeded to explain what problem my husband had and how he would correct it

Dr. Lee Mitchel/Cynthia Sleppy - Great care, great office personnel, Kukos to Vanessa, David, Cindy and Vicki. Dr. Mitchel, very knowledgeable, caring and personable.


Very Professional!! I return to work next week after being out of work for 2 months..The entire staff are on point from the receptionist to the Doctors. Very Satisfied!! 

My recent experience with my trigger finger surgery was very positive, in particular with my surgeon, Richard Bernstein, M.D. from The Orthopaedic Group. He was efficient, comforting, informative and kind. 

an internist in Goshen, IN, who is very personable and caring. Staff works hard to make things work for everyone..............I like him a lot....Erma Yoder

Dr. Robert Boykin, did rotator cuff repair on my left shoulder. very pleased with the results thus far, 3 months out, the physical therapy group are great to work with. Thank you, Dr. Boykin and Kate. Nancy Riggins

Saved my father- in laws life . Would highly recommend very personable and did several follow-up phone calls with our family

Dr. Ginsburg is the best as far as I'm concerned. He has done more for my face than I every though possible. I''ve had botox, fillers, skin tightening, and laser treatments. 