 
Dr. Dusay is lovely. This was my first visit with him and he really took the time to get to know me and my history. He was also great about sharing about himself, which helped my the appointment very comfortable. Never once did he make it feel like we were in a rush, in actuality it was the exact opposite - there was plenty of time to talk. Very different from my psychiatrist appointments I have experienced in the past. I highly recommend. 

Extremely intelligent and knowledgable doctor, beautiful clinic, will definitely recommend him !!


Dr. Dusay is the best there is. He is highly respected in his field and could easily charge outrageous fees, but he is very reasonable. He is brilliant, kind, and an excellent doctor. He is just delightful, too! I felt better understood by this remarkable man than I have by any doctor in quite some time. I cannot recommend him highly enough.

Good, friendly doctor, However, could smooth out some logistics (i.e. billing and electronic prescription/diagnosis database)

Very congenial, put me at ease and very thorough. Highly recommend.

Positive experience

Dr.Majumdar is terrific. During my appointments with him, I’ve noticed it’s clear that my mental health is his first priority! Definitely recommend.

Excellent communicator - had a great experience!

Professional, efficient, empathic & kind

Very pleased. I got right in at my scheduled time. Dr Majumdar really took the time to listen to me and build a plan of action which we were both comfortable with.


All intake forms could be filled out prior to visit. Saw the doctor immediately. Doctor was helpful and through in his evaluation. Highly recommend!


I've found her to be very helpful both in moments of crisis as well as ongoing issues.

She is the best.

Fabulous - I was so nervous as I dislike intakes usually. I felt at ease and in good hands this time. Very knowledgeable and cautious while sympathetic

Visiting with Dr. Stadler was wonderful.

Dr. Stadler has provided me with compelling insight and empathic support in my quest for inner-peace. It's the kind of support that has allowed me to start to move beyond what seems like chaos and to recognize and realize my power and agency.
Wait time is short. He is good for medicine management, but his bedside manner isn't great if you want much more than that. He was honest though, which is helpful in it's own way.

Great initial consultation with Dr. Walker, looking forward to continuing treatment.


Really helpful and extremely kind




